<a id="readme-top"></a>
<h1 align="center">Diabetes ML Project</h1>

	### REFLECTION
	
	This project was a fruitful project for both of us because of the weight of the subject we are approaching. Thousands of people struggle every day with diabetes and that struggle is even more pointed when it goes undiagnosed. We hope that with this model we have created, it will help assist doctors with the diagnosis process and help quicken the response times for those who suffer from diabetes. We anticipate this model being used by a hospital or another organization who specializes in care. We also would anticipate that they would have more data for the model to train with. While we were very happy with the number of data points we had to train with personally, we wish we had more features as we believe that it would have helped to fill some of the gray areas in the model’s predictions.

	In the implementation of our models and analysis, we struggled when working with some of our data analysis libraries, in one instance we were attempting to display our False Negative Rate and were struggling to get the necessary variables to calculate it. Thankfully, we were able to use the ROC curve to display these values and that's how we were able to circumvent this problem, but it provided a point of frustration for us.

	 Matthew 25:35-40 says, "For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I was a stranger and you invited me in, I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked after me, I was in prison and you came to visit me”. We encourage those using this model to help others to use these ideas. Helping those who need expertise and advice in tough times. This is especially true for doctors, Mark 2:17 says, “It is not the healthy who need a doctor, but the sick. I have not come to call the righteous, but sinners.”.

	In the medical field, a lot of work and expertise lies in the hands of doctors who have to care for many different patients. This workload can be difficult and at times mistakes can be made because of the stress that creates. We want to introduce help in the form of data-driven assistance like our model. But we should not only be Data-Evangelists, we should also use this opportunity to Evangelize our faith. Oftentimes medical environments can be difficult places to work because so many around are sick and not feeling well. Being a positive and helpful influence in those places can help spread the love of God.  
